LSVT数据集，14名帕金森患者参与（都是PD患者进行采集），采集的语音用来训练并判别语音是否可以接收。
126个样本，每个样本有309个特征，其中可以接收的语音样本标签为1，有42个样本。
不可以接收的语音样本标签为2 ，有82个。 
我们把不可以接收的语音称为有病的语音。
 
The dataset used for experiments was collected by Lee Silverman Voice Treatment (LSVT) global, funded by the National Institute of Health and Michael J. Fox Foundation. 14 PD subjects (8 males and 6 females) participated in this data collection process. The age range of participated subjects was 51-69 (mean ± standard deviation: 61.9 ± 6.5) years. 

They were asked to produce sustained vowel /a/ phonations, which were recorded at the National Center of Speech-Denver (NCSD), an affiliated institute of the University of Colorado-Boulder. A head-mounted headphone was used for data collection and the voice signals were sampled at 44.2 kHz with 16 bits of resolution. Each of 14 PD subjects was asked to produce 27 phonations (samples) where each sample has belonged to one of nine possible combinations of pitch and amplitude, that is, phonation at a comfortable pitch, high pitch, and low pitch, with amplitude including acceptable, too loud and too soft. The data collection team selected 1 best sample out of 9 samples for each PD subject. Thus, there were 9 phonations for each of 14 PD subjects for a total of 126 samples for 14 PD subjects.
In the feature extraction process, the first group of features was build based on physiological observation of vocal fold vibrations, where jitter and shimmer variants were investigated. Jitter quantifies F0 deviations based on the physiological model and shimmer quantifies the deviations in amplitude. 
The second group was SNR type features such as harmonic-to-noise ratio（HNR），detrended fluctuation analysis（DFA）, glottal to noise excitation (GNE）, vocal fold excitation ratio (VFER), Mel frequency cepstral coefficients (MFCCs) and empirical mode decomposition excitation ratio (EMD-ER). The frequencies below 2.5 kHz considered as ‘Signal’, whereas above 2.5 kHz treated as ‘Noise’.
Overall, 309 features were extracted and a design matrix of 126 * 310 was made. There were no missing entries in the resulting design matrix.
